h2. wet_haystack Textpattern plugin

h3. Purpose

Textpattern's full text index uses the articles' body and title contents to find proper matches for site-internal searches.

*wet_haystack* allows site publishers to modify this default behaviour by adding additional article fields to the set of indexed content.

h3. Usage

NB: This plugin is intended for Textpattern 4.2.0+. It will not work with earlier versions. You need to acquire publisher privileges to change a site's fulltext search settings with this plugin.

h4. Building a custom fulltext index

* Go to the *wet_haystack options* panel.
* Check all the article fields you want to include in the full text index.
* Hit "Save" and wait for the database to re-index the content of your current site. Depending on the number and length of your articles, this may take a while.

You do not need to keep *wet_haystack* installed once the custom full-text index has been created.

h4. Removing an obsolete custom fulltext index

*wet_haystack* requires an additional database index for its operation, which it will continue to use as long as you change Textpattern's default full-text index settings. This custom full-text index will be deleted when the custom setting matches Textpattern's default setting (i.e. "Title" and "Body" are the only properties checked).

h3. Additional information

Visit the "wet_haystack documentation page":https://wetzlmayr.at/awasteofwords/wet_haystack-textpattern-plugin.

h3. Licence

This plugin is released under the "Gnu General Public Licence":https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt.
